9th homework assignment

1.) A naturalist is off to explore the amazon jungle and wants to a computer program to record
information about all the new species discovered.
For each new species it is necessary to store the name (max 128 characters), size (a real number),
and the type of animal in an enum type (one of mammal, insect, bird, or fish). (1.0%)
An array of structures must be used, so that each new species can berecorded in an element of the array (1%). 
It's not known in advance how many new species will be found, so the program must malloc
for an initial array of size 1, and use the doubling realloc technique to get more memory as
required. You must always check the return value from malloc, as done in the Malloc
wrapper function (or just use Malloc :-) (1%)

Here what a sample run should look like (with the keyboard input shown
in italics) ...
> NewSpecies
Enter animal information ("exit" to exit)
 What is the name : bloatfish
What is the size : 12.47
What is the type : fish
Enter animal information ("exit" to exit)
What is the name : stingybeasty
What is the size : 0.13
What is the type : insect
Enter animal information ("exit" to exit)
What is the name : toothfulsloth
What is the size : 33.33
What is the type : mammal
Enter animal information ("exit" to exit)
What is the name : exit

The following new species were found:
bloatfish has size 12.47 and is a fish
stingybeasty has size 0.13 and is a insect
toothfulsloth has size 33.33 and is a mammal

Write this program to store and print out the information and put the program into a file named
newspecies.c (3%).

2.) You are off to shopping and need a program that allows you to enter the names of items, their
price and quantities. 

Here is what a sample run should look like (with the keyboard input
shown in italics) ...
Enter item information ("exit" to exit)
item 1: chips
price: 3.5
quantity: 2
Enter item information ("exit" to exit)
item 2: red wine
price : 15.0
quantity : 1
Enter item information ("exit" to exit)
item 3 : steaks
price : 15.0
quantity : 2

Your list:
steaks   2 $30
red wine 1 $15
chips    2 $7
-----------------------------
Total $52
- An array of structures must be used, so that each new item can be recorded in an element
of the array (0.5%)
- It's not known in advance how many new items will be added to the list, so the program
must malloc for an initial array of size 1, and use the doubling realloc technique (as
discussed in class) to get more memory as required. You must always check the return
value from malloc, as done in the Malloc wrapper function (or just use Malloc :-).
(0.5%)
- After you are done building the shopping list you must sort the array of structures
according to the total price of each item (1%).
- Before the program completes it must explicitly free the malloced memory (1%).
Write this code and put it into a file named shopping.c (3%).




Remarks:
• The assignment is due next Friday, Nov. 12th, 11:59PM.
• You need to submit 2 files (newspecies.c, shopping.c) with the corresponding C
code using submit2( Please DO NOT submit compiled executables) ! Furthermore, the C
code needs to compile without warnings (use -Wall) (otherwise the TAs won't look at it)
