3rd homework assignment

    Put the commands that you used to do these into a file named Permissions.txt.Create a directory called IveGotRights off LabTask3. Set its permissions to (0.25%):Read, write, and execute permission for the owner
    Read and write permission for the group
    Read permission for others
    using numerical codes. Furthermore, establish that newly created files will by default have (0.25%)Read and write permission for the owner
    Read and write permission for the group
    Read permission for others
    Devise a command that allows you to extract all valid java-style int definitions this file. Put the command in a file named Java.txt (1.0%).
    An command that lists all the files (in the current directory) that start with an alphabetic character, contain a digit, and end with a dot followed by a lowercase character then one more character. Put the command in a file named Globbing.txt(1.0%).
    A pipeline command from head to tail to grep, that will extract lines containing Computer Science course codes as distinct words from the 5th to 12th lines of this file. The "CSC" must start with an uppercase "C" but the "SC" may be written in any combination of uppercase and lowercase. A correct solution extracts lines numbered 5, 7, 10, and 12. Put the command in a file named CSCCodes.txt(1%)
    A sequence of commands to copy ~csc322/Ticker.c to the current directory, then compile it with all warnings and output the executable to Ticker. Put the answers in a file named Compile.txt(0.5%).
    Put the answers in a file named Ticker.txt.A series of commands that (0.5%) in one go, (i)start Ticker 5 in the background and Ticker 7 in the foreground. (ii) Suspend Ticker 7 (iii) List the jobs (iv) Activate Ticker 7 in the background (v) Bring Ticker 5 into the foreground (vi) Suspend Ticker 5 (vii) Kill Ticker 5
    (viii) Kill Ticker 7

Remarks:

    The assignment is due next Friday, Sept. 24th, 11:59PM.
    You need to submit 6 files (Permissions.txt, Globbing.txt, CSCCodes.txt, Compile.txt, Java.txt and Ticker.txt) usin submit2!
